royal enfield show today I'm in the
kitchen making sauerkraut sauerkraut is
a wonderful way to eat fermented
vegetables you also like to eat kimchi i
think i made a video about that before
and today I'm going to mix our crap
using the food processor and we're going
to be actually using the shredding blade
so I took out the S blade I'm going to
put this measuring flip and then
printing plate in here and what I'm
going to do first I have one red cabbage
and I'm going to remove the outer leaves
we remove those and i'm going to remove
the stem
just kind of slice this up into small
pieces so that we can put it into the
food processor
I'm going to take out part of the center
and just slice it into pieces that will
fit down in there and it's really simple
to shred it when you have a food
processor okay so I cut this into small
pieces and I'm just going to start
dropping it into the food processor
so once you've done the shredding you
just need to take off take this out and
we are actually going to be using this
croc right here that our friends Michael
and Ellen from foods alive got for us
they blessed us with this so this is
such a beautiful crop so what I'm going
to do now is I'm going to layer some of
the sauerkraut into the crock
okay and so you do one layer at a time
and then you sprinkle some sea salt on
top and then you're just going to push
down you can use them a masher but i'm
just going to use my fists and you just
kind of push down and it will release
some of the juices from the cabbage and
that will help the fermentation process
so I'm just putting this in here and you
can tell that when you need the liquid
to cover the cabbage completely and for
some reason you don't have enough of the
liquid you can add some water with sea
salt to pour it on top or pause so
suggest that you could use some of the
cabbage for the cabbage juice
so you can do that so you just do it
like you know layers at a time it
doesn't matter how cool this is if you
don't want it to polls ok so once you
finish layering the sauerkraut this pot
actually comes with some of these
waiting stones so you can place this on
top kind of press down
there you go and then what we're going
to do now is we're going to put the lid
on to see that we're going to add a
little water
so and then we're going to wait about
three to four days and then once we
start hearing the sauerkraut bubbling
and that means the fermentation process
has begun so then we can set this aside
for about four to six weeks that's how
long it's going to take and then we will
have some fresh sauerkraut so maybe when
we get the finished product we can do a
video update with that so it's really
simple to add some fermented vegetables
to your diet and so nutritious it helps
put the probiotics and enzymes it's
great to have a serving of a fermented
vegetable with all of your meals so
hopefully you can get started and make
some sauerkraut thanks everyone during
the raw light health show have a great
day and a great bra line which is well
good for you this is the wrong I can
show my life writing of your life